This Zhao Xueliang is really too much
Dangerous. Is there anything you can do to deal with him?
Well, this Zhao Xueliang notice has Liang Chunqiu behind it
Dare to punish the Ye family
There's definitely someone behind this
And this person is definitely not weaker than Liang Chunqiu
I have an idea.
We set Zhao Xueliang up
What are you doing behind the scenes to force the scholar to do?
This Zhao Xueliang is greedy for money
I'll find someone to cooperate with us when the time comes
The report says
We need to invest in our village
Due to Zhao Xueliang's illness
Definitely take a bite
At that time, sheriff
You go take that picture.
Then take the photo
The plan is good
But Ye Xian
Who are we looking for to cooperate?
In case the acting is too fake
The old fox will see through it, don't worry.
Hello boss zhou
I am nocturnal
I want to ask for your help.
Perform a play
Well, not enough this time.
Finally let this kid eat a turtle
Let him know that in our Sanshui Village
I, Zhao Xueliang, am the boss
Hahaha Village Chief, good news
The city's big businessperson Zhou Legend
Said to invest 1 billion in us
What? A billion?